# Front-end Web Design (11056)
## A1: Responsive Website
### Reflection

I started this assignment with an extremely brief idea of how my website was going to look, and what methods I was going to use to achieve it. I had the basic knowledge that was covered in class, but in reality I didn’t have much deeper understanding of more advanced CSS. I began the design process by creating a basic layout, starting with the home page for my site. I knew from the beginning what the page should roughly look like, having a fixed background image element at the top with a sketched map of Canberra. I knew that I wanted a donate button floating on top of this as well. This was probably the most difficult and frustrating part of the whole design process, getting over the initial learning curve. I spent hours trying to resolve this single issue that in theory was not an advanced concept, reading and watching countless tutorials and guides on how I might put a donate button over the top of my parallax background image. I came to a sudden realisation that I had been taking the completely wrong approach on fixing this problem and overcoming this small issue made most of the rest of the website significantly easier with minimal issues later on.

My usual process when creating my website was to start with the HTML and create divs I may need as well as the classes for them. I heavily relied on flex-box within my website, as it is a fairly powerful tool for positioning elements evenly and in order, particularly with aligning images neatly. I struggled a bit in the beginning with understanding how to use it, but once I understood, it became quite useful and easy to use. I made use of classes even more frequently than flex-box, as I found the ability to target specific and/or large groups of elements within my HTML extremely useful and definitely sped up the whole design process. Overall I learnt a significant amount on the go while creating my website, things such as positioning, flex-box, navbars, grids etc. I did find the process more tedious than difficult, and definitely required a lot more time than I anticipated.
